Update ch01.asciidoc (#23)
lnbook/lnbook: ch01.asciidoc

consumer::
A regular consumer on the Internet or in the offline world who wants to make purchases.

> Alice runs a small coffee shop in an upmarket street in Berlin.  She knows about bitcoin and wants to accept it in her shop, but has been reluctant to do so because she knows that bitcoin payments take approx. 10 minutes to be confirmed into her account, and that the fees that her customer needs to pay for a bitcoin payment are variable.  With the lightning network, she knows that her regular clients, such as Beppe can pay for their coffee at her shop, and she knows that the bitcoin is instantly in her wallet, and that the fees for her clients are small enough not to concern her clients. 

Reviewer: This is much nicer formulated that the merchant that I put into it but is it any different than the merchant?
What I like about it is that she has the Bitcoin internal viewpoint of "I already want to use bitcoin, but it needs to get better"

Author: Agreed - should be under merchant - I'll move it.  My intention was to match the format of "Mastering Bitcoin", where user stories/use cases are introduced in the first chapter and then expanded upon in the later chapters (a format idea that I really liked) - Is that how you see it also?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alice runs a small coffee shop in an upmarket street in Berlin.  She knows about Bitcoin and wants to accept it in her shop, but has been reluctant to do so because she knows that Bitcoin payments take approx. 10 minutes to be confirmed into her account, and that the fees that her customer needs to pay for a Bitcoin payment are variable. This is something that most costumers would not be pleased with. However with the Lightning Network, she knows that her regular clients, such as Beppe can pay for their coffee at her shop, quickly and with negligible fees. Additionally, by using the Lightning Network, Alice has all funds deposited instantly to her wallet and with usually smaller fees on her side as well. Ultimately this allows Alice to provide a better service or to offer better pricing for her products.
```

Reviewer 2: Bigger changes on this paragraph. I like the idea but it doesn't really close. Is Bitcoin/LN just another payment method? The advantages need to be evident imo. As such I basically re-wrote the last 2/3 sentences so feel free to re-iterate.

Lastly is this a real story like Dennis below? I ask because if it isn't then Beppe should be changed to Bob (the usual exemple) or to Charlie? (to keep the order Alice, Berlin, C...).

content creator / curator::
A person or platform offering content on the web.
They want to install a pay wall or get tipped by their fans and consumers.
This could even include music or video streaming on demand paying in real time

> Dennis is a 9 year old boy in Australia, who wanted to buy a games console like his friends.  His dad told him that he had to earn the money himself.  Dennis is an aspiring artist, but knows that while he is still learning, he can't charge very much for his artwork.  After learning about bitcoin, he setup a website to sell his drawings across the internet. By using the lightning network, Dennis was able to charge $1 for one of his drawings.  By being able to set a fair price (which would normally be considered a micropayment) and use a global currency such as bitcoin, Dennis was able to sell his art work around the world and buy the games console he dreamed of. 

Reviewer: hmmm this sounds so familiar (: I like the idea of including use cases that have happened c.f.: 
https://bitcoinist.com/bitcoin-pictures-lightning-network/ 

However I am not sure if this might result in legal / moral /ethical issues. Anyone any ideas?

Author: Ha, you spotted it!  Dennis gives his approval to be used as a use case  (and can provide proof if necc :) - The use case (global micropayments & serving the unbanked) is valid, but if basing it on real life examples deflects attention from the core message, then lets change/ rework it.

Reviewer: check #28  and please continue the discussion there.

> Dennis is a 9 year old boy in Australia, who wanted to buy a games console like his friends.  His dad told him that he had to earn the money himself.  Dennis is an aspiring artist, but knows that while he is still learning, he can't charge very much for his artwork.  After learning about bitcoin, he setup a website to sell his drawings across the internet. By using the lightning network, Dennis was able to charge $1 for one of his drawings.  By being able to set a fair price (which would normally be considered a micropayment) and use a global currency such as bitcoin, Dennis was able to sell his art work around the world and buy the games console he dreamed of. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Dennis is a 9 year old boy from Australia, who wanted a games console just like his friends. However he was told by his dad that in order to buy it, he had to earn the money by himself.  Now Dennis is an aspiring artist so he knows that while he is still learning, he can't charge much for his artwork.  After learning about Bitcoin, he managed to setup a website to sell his drawings across the internet. By using the Lightning Network, Dennis was able to charge as little as $1 for one of his drawings.  By being able to set a fair price, which would normally be considered a micropayment and as such not possible with other payment methods, and by using a global currency such as Bitcoin, Dennis was able to sell his art work to customers all over the world and in the end buy the games console he so very much wanted. 
```

Reviewer 2: Some re-writing, error fixes (like capitalization) etc

It's a suggestion but imo it improves it. Though it could also be better.
